[THE DEVIL BETWEEN US]
[Episode 9]
[Zebin Billiard Room]
Excuse me,
is this whole area
the housing complex
for the old paper mill?
This whole area is.
That area isn't.
Wasn't there a big case here a while ago?
Guns were involved, right?
Are you a reporter?
I'm an online reporter.
I get it.
You've come to the right person.
I'm a key figure.
Come here.
Have a seat.
Come.
Let me tell you all about it.
At the time,
I bought the police half an hour.
Otherwise, they wouldn't
have solved the case so smoothly.
What's wrong?
Um...
Do you know Director Yao
from the City Bureau?
No, I don't.
If I knew him, I'd have transferred
out of here long ago.
That's strange.
Captain Li just called me.
He said Director Yao
wants you to go see him in the city.
Did he say what it's about?
No.
Could it be about Quan's case?
You did a good job
and caught the City Bureau's eye.
Really? That would be great.
Really?
That would be great.
Don't get your hopes up.
If it were about a transfer,
Li would have told me directly.
Who do you think you are
to have Director Yao
talk to you personally?
Yeah.
Be mentally prepared.
There might be strings attached.
Strings attached, fine.
Anyway,
as long as my son can
go to middle school in the city,
I'm okay with a pay cut.
You're really set on this?
Yes.
Go back.
Is that it?
This is small to you?
So this shop
used to be a drug den.
Now that the shop is gone,
will those addicts
who can't find their fix
come around here and cause trouble?
Well,
I haven't heard about that.
That means there are still some people
who haven't got the news
and will keep coming to look for drugs.
Buddy.
What's up?
Here to buy candy?
This place got busted.
Do you want some?
I have a source.
No, no.
Come on, have some.
No.
Coming.
Want a foot massage?
Eight Wan.
Two Bamboo.
Pong.
Cao Jinchuan!
Don't run!
Who's it?
Cao Jinchuan.
Stop running!
Cao Jinchuan!
Cao Jinchuan.
Stay back.
Or I'll beat you to death!
Cao Jinchuan!
Move!
What are you doing?
Why do you run when you see me?
You were chasing me. Of course I ran.
Do you even know who I am?
You're...
a cop?
Or a debt collector?
Look closely.
See who I am.
Look.
Are you crazy?
Just for 1,000 yuan,
you were chasing me desperately.
-Are you out of your mind?
-Don't move.
Don't move.
You took my money,
but haven't taken me to the guy yet.
What guy?
The...
guy selling that stuff.
Didn't you hear what I told the cops?
I saw you were clueless,
so I tricked you.
How would I know
people who sell that stuff?
Look, dude.
I...
I'll give you back the money.
Okay?
I don't want the money.
I want to find the person.
I don't know them.
Then why did you
go to the bubble tea shop?
I...
I was just passing the bubble tea shop.
Isn't that normal?
Bao...
Bao agreed to see you.
I'll take you there tonight.
Don't worry.
Bao's got everything you need.
You'll be satisfied.
Ever since that Quan died,
many people are out of supply
and have all come to Bao now.
But Bao has been very busy.
I don't introduce just anyone.
Who's Quan?
You don't know Quan?
But you found the bubble tea shop.
You know,
the huge news recently.
The gunfight at the old paper mill dorms.
The guy who died was Quan.
I saw the news.
I don't know his name.
Ken,
can you tell me
what exactly you need?
How much?
I'll give Bao a heads-up.
So he can get it ready.
I'm not buying.
Selling?
You're crazy.
Are you out of your mind?
Put that away.
You're out of your mind.
I can't take you to see Bao.
You'll get me killed.
Let go!
You know Jungle Chess?
In Jungle Chess,
the Elephant
can eat
the Lion, Tiger, Leopard,
Wolf, Dog, Cat—
but not the Rat.
But the Rat can eat the Elephant.
Right now, I'm a Rat
that's not afraid to die.
Ken.
Ken,
I'm afraid to die.
I know.
[Haizhou Public Security Bureau]
Come in.
[Yao Feng, Deputy Director
of Haizhou Public Security Bureau]
Director Yao,
I'm Hu Wenjing from
the Criminal Investigation Brigade
of Nuanfeng County Public Security Bureau.
Badge number...
No need for introductions.
Have a seat.
I asked you here
to talk about your transfer.
Your resume is excellent.
Regarding
your transfer to the Municipal Bureau,
your unit's HR department and we
are all in agreement.
But something unexpected came up
during the file transfer.
You know this better than I do,
so I won't elaborate.
I just want to ask,
do you still want to come
to the Municipal Bureau?
Yes, sir.
I do.
Director Yao.
Why beat around the bush?
Why did you really bring me here?
I read Jin Longzheng's report,
and I talked to Qin and the others.
We think you're highly capable,
have a good rapport with the community,
and are excellent all around.
So I was thinking...
We're busy here.
Let's cut to the chase.
Alright.
I heard you want to transfer here
so your two sons can
attend middle school in the city.
Yes.
Whether it's getting into the bureau
or your kids' schooling,
I can help with both.
But,
I have one condition.
Once you're in,
you join our Narcotics Unit.
Right here.
Ken,
wait here a second.
I need to talk to Bao first.
He doesn't know you're here to sell.
Don't make me wait too long.
It'll be quick.
Is that Chuan?
Bao.
Where's the guy you mentioned?
I told him to wait in the yard.
What does he want to buy?
Weed, meth,
ecstasy, or Ketamine?
He...
That idiot isn't here to buy goods.
He's here to sell.
What the hell?
Are you stupid?
It's not me.
He...
We just stick to selling fakes.
Whoever buys our stuff
won't go to the cops to report us, right?
Yeah.
Taking their money is practically
doing the world a favor.
I know that.
So why'd you hook up with
someone selling the real stuff?
I...
He...
Don't you know
how serious drug dealing is?
I know.
We can't throw
our lives away this young.
Yes.
Get him out of here.
Get him out.
Wait,
I came to you for help.
Help me
get rid of him.
He hit you,
and you brought him here?
Figure out a way to send him away.
What can I do?
Just say I don't buy from strangers.
Let him leave.
He won't leave until you see him.
What do you want me to do?
Think of a way to kick him out.
Just say his goods are no good.
But I'll get beaten up if I go back.
Who's it?
This is Ken.
Bao.
Ken,
didn't I tell you to wait outside?
Uh,
let him come in.
Which crew do you run with?
I'm not with anyone.
Just here to sell.
Have a seat.
Get him a chair.
Let me do it.
So,
Chuan
told me everything.
Dude, you...
have the wrong person.
I
only sell.
I don't buy.
Right.
I already talked to Bao.
If you don't buy,
what do you sell?
I don't buy from strangers.
Go find someone else.
Yes.
See him out.
Ken,
you just...
How about this?
Take a look first.
See what I've got.
Calm down.
There's two of us.
You're alone.
If it comes to a fight,
you might not win.
Stand over there.
Alright.
Take the goods out.
Let me see the quality.
Faker!
Dude,
you're way too amateur.
You take some rose sea salt
and dare to pass it off as drugs?
Can you make money off this?
Look.
It's fake?
Trying to fool me?
No, this is real.
It was smuggled in inside a stomach.
It's the real deal.
Bao said it's fake.
It's real.
Let me teach you a lesson.
Come here.
Tell me,
what's this?
Meth.
He calls this meth.
This moron.
Isn't he?
Since we're in the same trade,
and you're already here,
I'll open your eyes today.
So you don't shame
our profession out there.
Show him.
Bring it out.
You scared me to death.
Honestly,
you made me so nervous.
Come over here.
Look. Come on.
Take a look.
Learn something.
Stuff that looks
like rock sugar
is real meth.
Here, hold it.
Study it.
This is
ecstasy.
Weed.
This is serious.
Enough to get you executed.
Heroin.
I made
all this by comparing
pictures online, one by one.
You can't tell the difference
with the naked eye.
Unlike you,
taking some rose sea salt
and pretending it's meth.
You won't scam any money with that.
You sell fakes?
You sell fakes too, don't you?
Mine is real.
Don't you think I can tell?
The stuff is right here.
One taste and the jig is up.
It's real.
Don't taste it.
Stop bluffing me.
Come on, you actually took it seriously?
What the hell does this taste like?
Where did you get this?
Get me some water.
Isn't it sea salt?
Here.
Give me more.
What is this stuff?
Bao, drink more water.
Keep drinking.
What's wrong?
What happened?
What's this stuff?
I told you it's real!
But you won't believe me!
Help!
Hot!
I'm hot!
Give him some more water.
Help!
What does this mean?
How should I know?
It's your stuff!
He's not gonna make it.
Call 120.
I'm calling 120.
Don't call 120.
They'll call the cops.
So what if they call the cops?
I didn't break the law.
Hang up!
Put it down.
Put...
It's just you and me now.
If I get caught,
I'll say you're both my accomplices.
None of us will get away.
It's not about getting away.
Bao is like this now.
What do we do?
I don't know what to do.
You don't know?
How am I supposed to know?
Then I'll...
call an ambulance, okay?
No, you can't.
Try something else.
You...
Try what?
Pinch his philtrum.
Pinch it!
Pinch the philtrum!
Bao.
He's not breathing.
He's not breathing!
What do we do?
Ken,
what do we do?
What do we do now?
Dad.
Find a realtor we know tomorrow.
Ask how much our house is worth.
Selling the house?
Is your transfer confirmed?
Soon. Almost done.
Oh my.
I've lived in Nuanhai Town my whole life.
All my friends and colleagues are here.
Besides, if I really have to leave,
there's all those
membership cards, prepaid cards...
And
I just topped up
at the foot massage place.
I know you don't want to move to the city.
That's not what you said before.
When you first brought it up,
nothing was settled.
I just agreed casually.
Who knew you'd get it done so fast?
Then you'll have to
take care of them for me.
They're not going with you?
I'll have a heavy workload
when I first get there.
And their transfer procedures
will take some time.
Fine.
Let the kids
keep me company for now.
But there's something
you need to think about.
How to tell the kids
about the separation.
Kids at this age
are
very sensitive.
I'll just tell the truth.
I have to say it sooner or later.
Give it a try.
Ming, Zhi.
Stop writing. Come here.
Come out first.
Did you wash your hands?
He didn't wash his hands.
Neither did he.
These kids.
Never mind.
Sit down. I have something to say.
Can you get in?
We're in.
Sit here. I have something to tell you.
Here's the thing.
I have a job transfer.
Maybe
I'll be
work in the city
in the very near future.
As for you,
once I'm settled,
I'll arrange your school
in the city as well.
You'll get a better education there.
During this time,
you two will live with Grandpa.
So for now,
you two
wait for Mom here with me.
Are you abandoning us?
We won't be naughty anymore.
Nonsense. How's that possible?
My little darlings,
you're my sons.
How would a mother abandon her kids?
That will never happen.
I promise you.
It will absolutely never happen.
It's just for a very short time.
You'll live with Grandpa first.
And although we won't see each other,
we can make
video calls every day.
Right.
Every day.
Before you leave,
give the iPad back to the kids.
Sure. I will.
I'll give it back right away.
Okay?
Can we really video call every day?
Absolutely. I promise.
Who's it?
I'll go.
We'll call every day.
You can tell me
what happened during the day at school.
And I'll tell you about my day too,
okay?
Then when will you come to get us?
As soon as possible.
Who
are you looking for?
Hello, sir.
I'm looking for
Hu Wenjing.
-Wenjing.
-What brings you here?
How did you find this place?
This is...
My colleague.
-Come on.
-Come in.
Come on.
Come in.
-What did you buy?
-Come in.
I brought some fruit for you.
Ken.
I...
shouldn't bother wiping.
I come here every few days.
My fingerprints are everywhere.
The cops
will definitely trace it back to me.
How about this?
You...
You just let me turn myself in.
Okay?
Turn yourself in?
Won't you still get sentenced?
I didn't break the law.
You were dealing drugs.
They were fake.
Fake.
Fake?
Isn't dealing fakes against the law?
What law does that break?
At the very least, it's fraud.
Wait...
You can't turn yourself in.
Besides, there's real stuff here too.
If you get caught,
even if you explain yourself,
it was you who brought me here,
which got him killed.
Isn't that right?
What do I do now?
Say something.
What exactly do you want me to do?
He died from an overdose.
What overdose?
It has nothing to do with us.
Nothing to do with us?
Where did the drugs come from?
I don't know.
You don't know either.
Neither of us knows.
Once we walk out that door,
I'll go home,
and you'll run.
Let's pretend nothing happened.
If you ever get caught,
you cannot rat me out.
If you don't help me...
There's only a small amount of drugs,
and we didn't make any transaction.
I won't be sentenced for long.
But I have a seriously ill daughter.
If I go to prison,
she won't survive.
If that happens,
for the rest of my life,
my only purpose for living
will be to kill you.
To kill you.
I don't care if you
just get out of prison,
or if you're going to work,
buying groceries,
eating, or sleeping.
I will catch you
in any moment of weakness,
jump out suddenly,
and kill you.
Kill you.
Do you believe me?
Bao,
I brought you so many clients,
and all you ever gave me were scraps.
You took such advantage of me,
bullying me.
Bao,
I'll
leave you 20,000
to buy a coffin.
Bao,
don't blame me.
Don't blame me.
I left you 20,000 to buy a coffin.
I'll kill you.
A phone call would've done it.
Why did you come all the way to my home?
Who gave you my address?
Wait,
can you stop talking to me
like you're interrogating a suspect?
What is it? Spit it out.
Got any new leads?
Although Ding Lai is dead,
the drugs he intended to buy
weren't found.
The city bureau asked me to stay here
to continue investigating
the whereabouts of that batch.
Okay.
What, you three want in on the mission?
Might as well have
the whole family join the force.
Um, Wenjing,
I don't know your colleague's
-name yet.
-Jin Longzheng.
You can call me Jin.
Jin.
I see.
I'll go cook a couple more dishes.
Stay for dinner.
No need. He's leaving.
Right now.
Yes, I'm leaving now.
Make yourself at home.
Since you're here,
you've gotta try my cooking.
Really, you must.
This is the first time
a male colleague of Wenjing's
has ever come over.
Just wait.
It won't take long.
Have some water.
Go on.
So, Wu came to you, didn't he?
You're well-informed.
Did he ask you to join the Narcotics Unit?
He mentioned it.
Don't listen to him.
Narcotics isn't for you.
How is it for you but not for me?
Look, ability-wise,
you could be my mentor.
But narcotics work
is dangerous and grueling.
Not for a single mother.
Especially one with two kids
and an elderly parent to care for.
And they're all here locally.
He said he could help
with my kids' schooling.
No. 3 Middle School
isn't hard to get into.
We can figure out another way.
Why are you meddling so much?
Why do you keep interfering
in my business?
Mind your own business.
Stop running around on that gimpy leg.
Rest more when you can.
Go back now.
Okay.
Just think
about what I said.
Okay.
And when you
call Wu next time,
let me know.
I don't need to tell you.
I'll make the call.
Alright.
Dad,
Jin Longzheng is leaving.
Uncle, I'm heading off.
Jin, don't go.
I'm halfway through cooking.
Who's gonna eat all this if you leave?
He's got things to do.
No way.
I really have things to do.
You have to eat.
Hurry.
Listen to me.
You must stay for dinner.
Sit.
Come on.
Ming, Zhi,
keep our guest company.
I'll be right back.
This dish has been touched.
No good.
It hasn't.
It's fine.
Untouched.
This one's been touched.
Give me a hand.
Sit down.
Just sit.
Sit.
Sorry for the trouble, Uncle.
Just wait.
Almost ready.
What are you doing here?
This one's really untouched.
This one's been touched too.
We can't serve this to a guest.
He's handsome.
I like the look of him.
Is he your colleague?
Where's he from?
City bureau.
Colleague for now.
If your transfer works out,
you'll be together every day
at the city bureau.
Oh my goodness.
He's like 7 or 8 years younger than me.
Don't play matchmaker.
You're messing around.
Sweetie,
you wouldn't be losing out.
Who exactly are you?
I'm the champion of the Haizhou
Police Academy's martial arts tournament.
Seriously?
You really know martial arts?
I know kickboxing.
Can you teach us?
Teach you?
Sure.
You'll have to eat all your food first.
Then I'll teach you.
Dad.
Where did this egg custard come from?
I made it myself.
Didn't I already make
your meals before I left?
Why'd you make egg custard?
Who taught you?
You used the pot—it's so heavy.
The stove is so high.
What if you burned yourself lighting it?
It's so dangerous.
You've been out all day.
I wanted you to come home to hot food.
It's really good.
Eat more if you like it.
Dad, what's wrong?
I'm just thinking...
Doing bad things is so hard.
Aren't we good people?
Why do we have to do bad things?
Eat more.
Come on, sit.
Jin,
I heard you
got hurt a bit.
Are you better now?
Much better.
Well, did you
have some IV fluids,
anti-inflammatories...
I can drink a little.
I'll get the wine.
One more dish.
How can we eat all this?
Why are you behaving so well today?
Mom, look, we finished everything.
We'll do the dishes.
It's easy for men to communicate.
Brothers do communicate well.
Let me see how you wash dishes.
Here.
Let me.
I got it.
No, no.
It's your first time here.
You're a guest.
Let me.
Here.
Jiajia.
Come.
Sit here.
I want to talk to you.
I know.
Jiajia,
compared to many other kids,
you're smarter
and more sensible.
So I usually try to treat you
like a grown-up
and discuss things with you.
Right?
Do you understand
what's going on at home right now?
Good.
My
No.1 task right now is to make money.
Only if I make money
can we keep living
and treat your illness.
But I can't let anyone know
the way I'm making money.
If Xiaoyu
stays with us,
it might put me in danger.
So I've decided
to send Xiaoyu away for a while.
The doctor said I don't need
a kidney transplant yet.
You don't need to do dangerous things.
Yes.
The doctor did say that.
But,
look, the doctor also said
"yet."
It's only for now.
We have to face this sooner or later.
Jiajia, remember one thing.
In this world,
except for me,
no one will treat you well for no reason.
What do we do
when we encounter difficulties?
We can only solve them with money.
So I have to do something.
As for Xiaoyu,
I can promise you.
When I've dealt with all the problems
and made the money,
I'll take you with me
to pick up Xiaoyu.
We'll go to a...
a new place to live.
To live a good life there.
Xiaoyu is our family's benefactor.
We'll always be good to her.
Why is Xiaoyu
our family's benefactor?
[Next Episode Preview]